
User avatar
level 1
Amy_co106
·
2y
·
edited 2y
Gold2
Hugz
Transgender Woman
I had surgery with Suporn two and a half years ago.

The recovery was very hard. Honestly it was utterly awful.

I know like you feel that your suffering is worse than everyone else's, but it probably isn't. I'm not saying this to be an uncaring bitch, but to frame what you're going through. I saw about a quarter of our group really struggle. All of us retreated into ourselves and started on a similar narrative: "there's something wrong with my result", "why can nobody see that it's harder for me?". Well... Yep... It's fucking hard. Easily the hardest thing I've ever done. I recognise that when you're in the middle of it having people like me saying "it doesn't last forever" and "you'll get through it" or "it gets better" is massively unhelpful, but it's true. At some point, months from now, it will just be easier. You'll do a dilation and be like "oh wait, that wasn't awful". It does pass. I promise.

I am two and a half years post op and I can safely say that it was an absolute living hell, but it was 100% worth it. I love being post op and am broadly happy with my result.

Infection:

One thing that messed me up was I got thrush three times during my first few months. It was really painful and made the dilation feel like I was pushing a knife in me. Once I figured it out, I was able to experiment and fix it pretty quickly. It's why I'd recommend going to your doctor. They won't know anything about SRS, but womens infections are common. Don't let them do an internal exam, but a swab is fine. If you have thrush or anything similar, any pharmacy can supply drugs that work in a few days. This was life changing for me when I was in your position.

Protip: Thrush is caused by PH imbalance when your VJ gets too alkaline. A vitamin C tablet up there stings a little but it sorts it right out and doesn't kill all the good bacteria that makes up your vaginal flora.

Granulation: I suspect you are too early to have this, but it might be worth keeping an eye out for sore spots. They hurt like a bitch, but are very normal and will go with time. Interestingly I thought I had a lot inside my VJ, but it turned out to be the infection I mentioned above. I did end up with some internal granulation, but that got sorted later.

Tiredness

I sense that you're in the place where you're tired as much as anything. I hit several humps where I felt like I was on a run and my legs felt like lead and didn't have the energy or self belief to continue. For me, I knew that compromising on dilation wouldn't work, so it was all about marginal gains. Here's what I did:

I got a cleaner to come sort out my house twice a week. She changed my bedding and made the whole house lovely and put laundry on for me. Sounds silly - but it helped hugely.

Look after your future self: After every dilation I set up for the next one. Lay out paper sheet, clean dilators, put lube in right place. It meant that when the alarm went off in 6hrs 45 mins, all I had to do was go to the other side of the bed and it was waiting for me.

Sleep all the time you can.

Ask your friends to cook for you. Failing that order a load of ready made meals or do (health) take out.

Basically take all the admin out of your life.

The tiredness will sap your morale quicker than the pain

Amy's Dilation tips:

Mind is so key. I know it feels like bs, but it's true. If you go in thinking it will be awful, it will. I'm not pretending it will be lovely, but go in with no preconceptions and it will be 3% better.

Make a nice routine. For me in the morning, it was a cup of coffee and piece of chocolate to start it off. In the evenings it was a tiny glass of wine and a piece of chocolate. The wine wasn't to be drunk, but because it was a little ceremony to partake that marked the beginning of something that was going to be ok. 1% better.

Take five minutes to chill. Let your heart rate drop. Clear your mind. Let go of work or other external stress. Being tense about that argument you just had with your boss is not going to help. There's another 0.5% less awful you just made it for yourself.

Entertainment. I did some Netflix, but my weapon of choice was audible. The trick is to only watch / listen when you're dilating. Never at other times. That way, you find yourself thinking "I wonder whether they will make it out of that cave" throughout the day and subconsciously waiting to find out... It made such a big difference. There was one book I was on where I swear I was desparate to get back to it.

Your finger is the best dilator to start. Take a few mins to loosen yourself up before starting on the glass ones.

There is a weirdly macho "not using the small" dilator thing that exists. Like it's only for emergencies. As long as you don't push it to full depth (as it's a bit pointy) you can use it after your finger to further loosen yourself up ready for Mr medium. I did this every time from month 2-7.

For later in your recovery: When your allowed to masturbate, finish off dilation with an orgasm. It helps.

This one's a bit meta: We have quite a crude perception of pain. Like a person with an unrefined pallette for wine. You get some pain and a whole pile of intensity and it's really overwhelmingly painful. But start paying really close attention to the pain. You will notice that a lot of it isn't actually pain. It's intensity or it's tightness or friction. Try to file those I'm the neutral category in your mind. Over time, some of the intense sensations you will be able to discern separately and perceive as pleasant.

I felt just like you at one point. I wished I could take it all back. But you can't. If you stop dilating for a day, it gets worse. If you stop for longer, you lose your VJ forever. You feel trapped. You have to plod on, but you don't have the strength. I get it.

But you have to get your head in the game. You are really fucking strong. In six months, it will be better. It sounds like an ocean of time, but it will pass and fade and you will look back and barely remember being here. I promise. You can do it, because you literally have no choice. Get your head in the game. You are really fucking strong.

Edit: Thank you for the gold kind stranger 😘


97

Give Award
Share
Report
Save

level 2
[deleted]
·
2y
Wow! What a response! Thanks for sharing. Women are so fucking strong, holy hell. OP, you got this! I’m so rooting for you and look forward to seeing any updates.


23

Share
Report
Save

User avatar
level 2
MADmaroi
·
2y
19 m2f, Hrt 2016 (• ε •)
Thank you so much for this. Would you mind sharing when your pain started to clear up and you would say that it was no longer a living hell and things started to look up?